So format flash  format flash
Flash formatting has completed, let's create our VLANs again
this is changed to client mode, let’s set it to server mode, VTP mode server.
VLAN 2, VLAN 3, VLAN 4, VLAN 5, VLAN 6.
Let’s create a few VLANs to ensure that files are being written to flash correctly.
Show flash
notice our VLAN.dat file is now stored in flash.
I can view that by typing more flash vlan.dat
and there’s our VLAN database
we can see our VLANs like VLAN 5, VLAN 6 shown in that file
but I might as well type show vlan-switch
and notice there are our VLANs
Let's have a look on switch 2 to see if the VLANs have come across properly
show vlan-switch
it’s not seeing that let’s check our VTP domain.
show vtp status
notice the domain is CCNA
so vtp domain ccna vtp mode client show vlan status or show vlan-switch rather
we suddenly have the VLANs in our VLAN database
show flash
we can now see our vlan.dat file
So I’ve shown you how to resolve an issue with formatting flash on a router
and how to get the vlan.dat file copied across.